#Code Book
This is code book for the tidy dataset generated by [run_analysis.R](run_analysis.R).

## Measument values

All measurment values in this dataset are calculated as average of original variable grouped by (activityId, subjectId). For example, "tGravityAcc_mean_X" is actually average(tGravityAcc_mean_X) for particular activity and subject.

## Selection of measurment values

Based on requirement, we selected only mean and standard deviation related measures in this dataset. To be simple, we use regex match to select any measure which name contains "mean" or "std", case insensitively.

For any new measure to add into tidy dataset, please modify the GetFeatureFilter() function accordingly.

## DATA DICTIONARY

Below are detailed definition of each variable in this tidy dataset.

### activityId
ID of experiment activity:

id    activity

1     WALKING

2   	WALKING_UPSTAIRS

3		WALKING_DOWNSTAIRS

4		SITTING

5		STANDING

6		LAYING

### activity
Name of activity
### subjectId
ID of subject who did the experiment for measurement.
### tBodyAcc_mean_X
Average of tBodyAcc_mean_X.
### tBodyAcc_mean_Y
Average of tBodyAcc_mean_Y.
### tBodyAcc_mean_Z
Average of tBodyAcc_mean_Z.
### tBodyAcc_std_X
Average of tBodyAcc_std_X.
### tBodyAcc_std_Y
Average of tBodyAcc_std_Y.
### tBodyAcc_std_Z
Average of tBodyAcc_std_Z.
### tGravityAcc_mean_X
Average of tGravityAcc_mean_X.
### tGravityAcc_mean_Y
Average of tGravityAcc_mean_Y.
### tGravityAcc_mean_Z
Average of tGravityAcc_mean_Z.
### tGravityAcc_std_X
Average of tGravityAcc_std_X.
### tGravityAcc_std_Y
Average of tGravityAcc_std_Y.
### tGravityAcc_std_Z
Average of tGravityAcc_std_Z.
### tBodyAccJerk_mean_X
Average of tBodyAccJerk_mean_X.
### tBodyAccJerk_mean_Y
Average of tBodyAccJerk_mean_Y.
### tBodyAccJerk_mean_Z
Average of tBodyAccJerk_mean_Z.
### tBodyAccJerk_std_X
Average of tBodyAccJerk_std_X.
### tBodyAccJerk_std_Y
Average of tBodyAccJerk_std_Y.
### tBodyAccJerk_std_Z
Average of tBodyAccJerk_std_Z.
### tBodyGyro_mean_X
Average of tBodyGyro_mean_X.
### tBodyGyro_mean_Y
Average of tBodyGyro_mean_Y.
### tBodyGyro_mean_Z
Average of tBodyGyro_mean_Z.
### tBodyGyro_std_X
Average of tBodyGyro_std_X.
### tBodyGyro_std_Y
Average of tBodyGyro_std_Y.
### tBodyGyro_std_Z
Average of tBodyGyro_std_Z.
### tBodyGyroJerk_mean_X
Average of tBodyGyroJerk_mean_X.
### tBodyGyroJerk_mean_Y
Average of tBodyGyroJerk_mean_Y.
### tBodyGyroJerk_mean_Z
Average of tBodyGyroJerk_mean_Z.
### tBodyGyroJerk_std_X
Average of tBodyGyroJerk_std_X.
### tBodyGyroJerk_std_Y
Average of tBodyGyroJerk_std_Y.
### tBodyGyroJerk_std_Z
Average of tBodyGyroJerk_std_Z.
### tBodyAccMag_mean
Average of tBodyAccMag_mean.
### tBodyAccMag_std
Average of tBodyAccMag_std.
### tGravityAccMag_mean
Average of tGravityAccMag_mean.
### tGravityAccMag_std
Average of tGravityAccMag_std.
### tBodyAccJerkMag_mean
Average of tBodyAccJerkMag_mean.
### tBodyAccJerkMag_std
Average of tBodyAccJerkMag_std.
### tBodyGyroMag_mean
Average of tBodyGyroMag_mean.
### tBodyGyroMag_std
Average of tBodyGyroMag_std.
### tBodyGyroJerkMag_mean
Average of tBodyGyroJerkMag_mean.
### tBodyGyroJerkMag_std
Average of tBodyGyroJerkMag_std.
### fBodyAcc_mean_X
Average of fBodyAcc_mean_X.
### fBodyAcc_mean_Y
Average of fBodyAcc_mean_Y.
### fBodyAcc_mean_Z
Average of fBodyAcc_mean_Z.
### fBodyAcc_std_X
Average of fBodyAcc_std_X.
### fBodyAcc_std_Y
Average of fBodyAcc_std_Y.
### fBodyAcc_std_Z
Average of fBodyAcc_std_Z.
### fBodyAcc_meanFreq_X
Average of fBodyAcc_meanFreq_X.
### fBodyAcc_meanFreq_Y
Average of fBodyAcc_meanFreq_Y.
### fBodyAcc_meanFreq_Z
Average of fBodyAcc_meanFreq_Z.
### fBodyAccJerk_mean_X
Average of fBodyAccJerk_mean_X.
### fBodyAccJerk_mean_Y
Average of fBodyAccJerk_mean_Y.
### fBodyAccJerk_mean_Z
Average of fBodyAccJerk_mean_Z.
### fBodyAccJerk_std_X
Average of fBodyAccJerk_std_X.
### fBodyAccJerk_std_Y
Average of fBodyAccJerk_std_Y.
### fBodyAccJerk_std_Z
Average of fBodyAccJerk_std_Z.
### fBodyAccJerk_meanFreq_X
Average of fBodyAccJerk_meanFreq_X.
### fBodyAccJerk_meanFreq_Y
Average of fBodyAccJerk_meanFreq_Y.
### fBodyAccJerk_meanFreq_Z
Average of fBodyAccJerk_meanFreq_Z.
### fBodyGyro_mean_X
Average of fBodyGyro_mean_X.
### fBodyGyro_mean_Y
Average of fBodyGyro_mean_Y.
### fBodyGyro_mean_Z
Average of fBodyGyro_mean_Z.
### fBodyGyro_std_X
Average of fBodyGyro_std_X.
### fBodyGyro_std_Y
Average of fBodyGyro_std_Y.
### fBodyGyro_std_Z
Average of fBodyGyro_std_Z.
### fBodyGyro_meanFreq_X
Average of fBodyGyro_meanFreq_X.
### fBodyGyro_meanFreq_Y
Average of fBodyGyro_meanFreq_Y.
### fBodyGyro_meanFreq_Z
Average of fBodyGyro_meanFreq_Z.
### fBodyAccMag_mean
Average of fBodyAccMag_mean.
### fBodyAccMag_std
Average of fBodyAccMag_std.
### fBodyAccMag_meanFreq
Average of fBodyAccMag_meanFreq.
### fBodyBodyAccJerkMag_mean
Average of fBodyBodyAccJerkMag_mean.
### fBodyBodyAccJerkMag_std
Average of fBodyBodyAccJerkMag_std.
### fBodyBodyAccJerkMag_meanFreq
Average of fBodyBodyAccJerkMag_meanFreq.
### fBodyBodyGyroMag_mean
Average of fBodyBodyGyroMag_mean.
### fBodyBodyGyroMag_std
Average of fBodyBodyGyroMag_std.
### fBodyBodyGyroMag_meanFreq
Average of fBodyBodyGyroMag_meanFreq.
### fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag_mean
Average of fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag_mean.
### fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag_std
Average of fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag_std.
### fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag_meanFreq
Average of fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag_meanFreq.
### angle_tBodyAccMean_gravity
Average of angle_tBodyAccMean_gravity.
### angle_tBodyAccJerkMean_gravityMean
Average of angle_tBodyAccJerkMean_gravityMean.
### angle_tBodyGyroMean_gravityMean
Average of angle_tBodyGyroMean_gravityMean.
### angle_tBodyGyroJerkMean_gravityMean
Average of angle_tBodyGyroJerkMean_gravityMean.
### angle_X_gravityMean
Average of angle_X_gravityMean.
### angle_Y_gravityMean
Average of angle_Y_gravityMean.
### angle_Z_gravityMean
Average of angle_Z_gravityMean.
